[Music]
[Applause]
competing to be proud let's make the key
here we have cookie cool HT we'll need
to button it out to tantalize your taste
buds by making the tastiest awful apples
let's see what you think we are looking
for the most delicate falafel one that
will make our mouth water with delight
[Music]
first open a tin of chickpeas but
remember to always ask an adult for help
with sharp object then add two cloves of
garlic to keep away the vampires for two
teaspoons of cumin and peanut butter
also healing
at exactly 200 grams of he's in trouble
next chopped hops we find me and add it
to the mix squeezing the lemon just
sprinkle the zest for a tangy kick then
mix in 3 tablespoons of flour pour the
ingredients into a food processor that
made it into a thick paste roll the
mixture into a round circle shape gently
place the falafel ball into the oil and
turn it around with a wooden spoon you
know your falafel is ready when it's a
gorgeous golden brown color finely chop
some mints put it into the yogurt dip
this mouth-watering meal is a Scotia
snack
[Music]
those two teams or something around
let's go see what they do and the
winners are that's watching kitchen here
st. Catharines edition hope you hope
maybe inside is make it home
[Applause]